Now at this point I'm going to go ahead and comment all of this.
And while I'm doing that you probably wondered how rest parameters work with the arguments object.
Or if they're even meant to work with the arguments object and I can tell you that originally the whole
entire idea rests parameters and it's a pretty old idea that was just reintroduced in Essex.
They were intended to actually replace the arguments object and even though it was intended to replace
the arguments object it's still available inside of six and all of the subsequent versions and it actually
works with the rest parameters so to give you an example will do a function and we'll call it check
our eggs and then we're going to do is make a rest parameter and we'll call it args like so.
And then what we can do is just counselled law.
Some don't like arguments.
Let me see if I can get it right.
Arguments like so now will do another concert or log args and then after that we're going to do a side
by side comparison so we'll do arguments and then the first into C and then after that we'll do our
IGS the first into C because once again arguments and args are both arrays that we can access.
Even though I call args an object because technically it is an object.
Now I'm just going to go ahead and change this to one and change this to two.
And we should be good to go.
So now I'm going to go ahead and invoke check args and get a pass and just some simple letters right
here.
Some simple characters.
And then whenever I invoke this you can see that they kind of work together the arguments object works
with resk parameters and it continues to reflect how many arguments were actually passed in to your
function.
So in this case we have the same array right here and they both print a on the first line and they both
print B on the second line.
So they do work together and they both do reflect how many arguments were passed then.
It's just something to keep in mind.
And that's pretty much all you really need to know about risk parameters.